[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
horror film the platform
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the near future dystopia there exists
the vertical self management center
known as the pit goring comes to the pit
for an interview
he has heard about the official
propaganda being a university student
full of romanticism
he is willing to experience life in
prison in the hope of giving up smoking
the interviewer tells him that each
prisoner is permitted one personal item
inside
and won't be set free until the
completion of the six-month term
imprisonment
foreign chooses to take the book don
quixote as a good book is a good friend
for a man with noble character
soon he is put into the pit boring finds
himself on level 48
where he meets his cellmate a much older
man the old man welcomes the newcomer
and congratulates him for being lucky to
be on the 48th level
when the lifting platform descends and
stops at their level it's time to eat
the old man reminds goring to eat as
much as he can within the fixed period
of time
boring's dignity doesn't allow him to
eat the disgusting leftovers on the
platform
while the old man wolves down his meal
warring picks up an apple
just in case he's hungry soon their
eating time is over
and the platform descends to the next
level goring feels the temperature rises
abruptly
the old man tells him to throw away the
apple as the pit doesn't allow the
prisoners to preserve food
the temperature will rise or drop
abruptly as a punishment
if they find any prisoner doing so when
goring throws the apple down
the temperature turns normal goring
begins to regret his choice
while they are going to sleep the
platform ascends to the top all of a
sudden
the old man explains it is to prevent
the prisoners from climbing to the upper
level
the prisoners here depend on food
brought to them once a day
by the lifting platform from the upper
level to the down level
so the prisoners at the upper cells can
have fresh and untouched foods
warring asks more questions about the
pit and tells the old man his story that
he came by his own will
and selected a book to bring inside the
old man feels shocked by that and shares
his story too
he was confined here because he killed a
man by accident and his term is one year
the personal item he brings with him is
a dagger he says it will come in handy
one day
on the third day boring can't resist
hunger he begins to eat regardless of
disgust
after stuffing his stomach full the old
man pours his stink water onto the
leftovers
when goring tries to stop him he says
none is certain that the upper prisoners
don't do so
the next day descending with a lifting
platform is a woman in a hopeless mess
the old man stops goring's helping hand
and warns him not to get involved with
her
she looks for her missing son in vain
every day
as time passes by goring and the old man
become close friends
soon as the end of a month time to
reassign the cells
it is the rule of the pit that they put
the prisoners under anesthesia by gas
and randomly reassign the cells each
month
when goring wakes up in the morning he
finds himself tied to the bed
the old man did it to him as they are at
level 171 now
which means there'll be completely
nothing left for them to eat
adept at the law of the jungle the old
man knows how to survive
but he won't eat him until the last
moment now goring knows the use of the
dagger
and his good book is useless in this
world the last moment comes very soon
the old man decides to begin with
goring's leg
this way boring will bleed less and
remain alive
so that his flesh is fresh rather than
rotten
while the old man is cutting goring's
leg for meat the platform stops with a
woman looking for her son
sitting on empty plates she throws a
wine bottle at the old man
hits him on the head and sets goring
free
losing his mind in sharp pain warring
grabs the dagger
and stabs the old man to death he
survives the remaining 20 or so days
depending on the old man's corpse at
last
it's the end of another month when he
arouses from anesthesia
goring is content to find himself at the
33rd level
however his new cellmate is actually the
interviewer
suffering from terminal cancer she comes
here also as a volunteer with her dog
in an attempt to experience the pit
which she's been working with
but never really spent time in level 33
is apparently an upper level
which means boring's life this month
will be much easier
the interviewer can't believe goring's
terrifying stories happened in these
past two months
as an idealist she thinks if everyone
takes his fair share
the food will surely reach the bottom
level but goring denies her
the interviewer decides to give it a try
at every meal
she speaks a lot to the prisoners at the
upper and the lower levels
telling everyone to take his fair share
only so that all of them can have enough
food to eat
but she highly overrates people's
spontaneous solidarity
half a month passes by she hasn't got
any understanding from the prisoners
seeing the interviewer in despair boring
decides to make a change
he speaks a lot to level 34 threatening
if they eat more than they should
without consideration of the people
below
he'll butter the food with the
interviewer smelly [ __ ] and stink water
rather than his own those below are
astonished to hear that
and it works finely prisoners right
below them start to obey the rule
but nobody can ensure everyone strictly
complies with the rule in such a deep
pit
the next day the platform stops at level
with a woman looking for her son she is
dying
and goring in the interviewer saves her
the interviewer reminds goring that the
prison won't accept children under the
age of 15
which means the woman must have a mental
illness
at night the woman eats up the
interviewer's yummy dog raw
which is a deadly blow to the
interviewer and thanks to that deadly
blow job
she finally finds her efforts to promote
her idealists in the cannibalistic abyss
are totally turned in vain soon the end
of the second month is coming
one day goring finds in surprises
favorite dish untouched
the interviewer tells him that all the
dishes are carefully prepared by the
chefs up on the ground
every prisoner has the right to choose
his favorite dish before coming into the
pit
and everyone only his own dish the food
would have reached the very bottom
and no one would have been left in
hunger but now it's impossible to turn
back the situation anyway
the interviewer gives up her
perseverance
at the end of the month boring finds
himself at level 202
and the interviewer hanged herself
boring survives the third month
depending on her corpse the next month
goring rises to the sixth level
and enters the upper class of the
prisoners his new cellmate is a
christian named bharat
both of them want to break the rules of
the pit so they start by communicating
with the prisoners above
bharat's plan is to climb up to the top
with a rope
but when he is about to reach the
prisoners at the fifth level he is
humiliated by those men's smelly shits
and hormones he falls in shock which
almost kills him
both of them realize that if they want
to break the rules they must be the ones
who make new rules
they decide to take advantage of their
upperclass position and take a lift to
distribute food equally for the
prisoners
each level below boring estimates there
should be around
floors in the pit they pick up the
weapons and begin their drastic
revolution
boring decides to distribute food
starting from level 51
as prisoners above have enough food
every day so it doesn't matter if they
skip one meal
as for anyone who protests they bash him
with a stick
and they meet a wise man who suggests
that wisdom is better than their
violence
even if they can make sure the food is
available till to the bottom
they still can't guarantee the
administration on the ground knows the
rules were broken
under his suggestion the two decide to
keep the most appealing ponicata
untouched
hoping that when the lift reaches the
ground the administration will be
shocked to see a dish remaining
untouched so they start again to
distribute food for the prisoners from
level 51.
the reform goes smoothly as planned
until when they reach level 250
they are surprised to find out is still
endless down below
there's almost nothing left on the
plates but fortunately
there seems almost no life below level
down there every level is bloody as hell
then they hear a scream for help they
descend further and see two men killing
the woman
who is looking for her son so they have
a fight against them
finally they defeat the two men but they
are also heavily wounded
and they continue to descend keeping in
mind the panacada untouched
which was the hope as a signal to the
administration
holding the precious ponicata in hands
they finally reached the bottom
level 333 they are disappointed at
seeing nobody
when they spot a little girl under the
bed she stares at the ponicata very
hungrily
after struggling in his mind the kind
baharat passes it to the girl
and she devours it up because of severe
wounds
both of them are in a daze not knowing
whether it's a dream or reality
right before the platform is about to
ascend bharat dies of too much bleeding
boring realizes that the little girl who
survives at the very bottom
is actually herself a signal for
breaking the rules
so he carries the girl onto the platform
however
the lift descends further downward as if
into the endless abyss of darkness
before it eventually stops their goring
steps down
and walks into the darkness and
hopelessness while the girl on the
platform rises rapidly towards the
ground
in the final scene however instead of
the little girl who's just an
incarnation of hope hallucinated by the
two men before they're dying
the ponicata reaches the ground
untouched
the surprise chef in charge scolds his
men for the untouched dish they've
carefully prepared
believing that the prisoners were
unwilling to take it due to the
contamination that happened in their
kitchen
it's implied that no matter how many
efforts people of lower classes struggle
with
to fight for changes against such an
advanced and solidified hierarchy
people of upper classes living a
stereotypical life
based on their own ways of thinking tend
to ignore any demand for changes from
them
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out